MONOPOLY - LAG-EDITION: ACCOUNTS AND MULTIPLAYER

IMPLEMENTED
- Public username/password accounts, shared across browsers and devices through
  the same account server. Usernames are case-insensitive and 3-20 characters.
- Passwords are 12-128 characters, salted and hashed with scrypt. No plaintext
  password or session token is stored in browser local storage.
  Hash parameters are N=32768, r=8, p=3; earlier development hashes upgrade
  automatically on successful login. Configuration reference:
  https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/Password_Storage_Cheat_Sheet.html
- A persistent HTTP-only SameSite cookie remembers sign-in for 30 days.
  Signing out revokes that session. Other signed-in devices remain signed in.
  Only public profile metadata is cached in local storage.
- Private room codes, invite URLs (?room=ABC234), public room listings, and
  random public-room joining. Hosts select a maximum of 2, 3, or 4 players.
- The host starts after at least two players are ready. Joining after start is
  blocked. An account can belong to one live/waiting room at a time.
- The server owns all dice, deck order, moves, validation and game state.
  Browsers poll for changes every second. Future card order is not exposed.
- Refreshing or reopening reconnects a signed-in account to its current room.
- Finished rooms are deleted immediately from the room database. Only their
  final result remains in server memory for 15 minutes so every participant
  can see the winner; new users cannot join the finished room.
- Empty waiting rooms are deleted. Inactive waiting rooms expire after one
  hour; live rooms expire after 48 hours without a game action. Disconnecting
  does not forfeit a player; their turn waits for reconnection. Hosts transfer
  automatically if they leave a waiting room. No mid-game voluntary forfeit
  or turn timeout is provided in this first version.
- Offline shared-device play and 1-3 balanced computer opponents. AI purchases,
  bids, develops, handles debt and evaluates human trade offers. It does not
  initiate trade proposals. Offline and AI games retain browser autosaves.

LOCAL DEVELOPMENT (Node.js 24 REQUIRED)
1. npm install
2. npm run server  (account/room server on port 3001)
3. npm start       (Vite website on port 5173, proxies /api to the server)
4. Open http://localhost:5173 and choose Online or Sign in. Create an account.
5. Use two separate browser profiles to test different players.
   Sign in on another device with the same username/password for the same
   account. localhost invite links only work on this machine, not the internet.

INTERNET DEPLOYMENT
The local implementation is functional but is NOT internet-hosted yet.
Deploy ONE persistent Node.js server instance, not a static-only host or an
ephemeral serverless function. The SQLite file must live on a persistent disk.
Run npm ci and npm run build, then start npm run server with:
  NODE_ENV=production
  APP_ORIGIN=https://YOUR-GAME-DOMAIN
  PORT=3001 (or the port assigned by your hosting service)
  DATABASE_PATH=/persistent-data/accounts.sqlite
The production server serves dist/ and /api from the same origin. Configure
HTTPS at the hosting/reverse-proxy layer. APP_ORIGIN must exactly match the
browser origin, without a trailing slash. Secure __Host- cookies require HTTPS.
Never expose the development Vite server as the production website.

Dockerfile and .dockerignore are supplied for a container host with a persistent
/data volume. Configure APP_ORIGIN and HTTPS before accepting real accounts.
Do not use multiple replicas sharing this SQLite file: this first release is
single-instance. Back up the database using SQLite's backup facilities, protect
disk access, and keep Node/dependencies updated before a public launch.

SECURITY AND LIMITATIONS
- Mutations require a same-origin Origin header and JSON body; rate limits
  cover authentication, room creation and moves. SQL uses bound parameters.
- The server checks room membership, player ownership and state revision.
  Concurrent joins cannot exceed the cap. Stale moves are rejected.
- Browser-supplied saves cannot replace an online game or control its RNG.
- Password recovery is not available because accounts have no verified email.
  Users should retain their password in a password manager. Add a verified
  recovery mechanism before expanding to a public service.
- Sessions expire after 30 days; clearing cookies requires signing in again.
  Accounts survive room deletion and server restarts if the disk is persistent.
- Offline saves are not synchronized across devices; online games are.
- Automated tests are not a security audit. Review infrastructure, TLS, backup,
  abuse controls and monitoring before inviting a large public audience.

VERIFICATION
npm test: rules, AI, authentication, concurrent capacity, authorization and
finished-room cleanup. node tests/multiplayer-check.mjs: two-browser sign-up,
invite joining, readiness, synchronized play, reconnect, and AI/mobile checks.
